“We are not nouns, we are verbs.
I am not a thing - an actor, a writer... I am a person who does things - I write, I act - and I never know what I'm going to do next. I think you can be imprisoned if you think of yourself as a noun.”
- Stephen Fry.

**I love telling stories.** I always have. When I was just a little boy, my sister and I would put on plays for my parents, grandparents, and anyone else we could persuade to sit still long enough to watch. I remember watching films, and instead of thinking - Oh, I want to be a (astronaut/spy/pirate/etc) - finding myself dreaming about *telling* those kind of stories - stories that really affected people.

17th birthday - in the end of rehearsals - My first professional acting gig - touring around the UK. experience with the technical side, this love grew during drama school and after, as I worked on small tours and also wrote and directed my first "feature" film. ( 45 mins...)



My experiences with Lighting design, set design, and video editing have left me well versed both in
using technology to make art, and also in creative problem solving - Skills that came in very useful during my time as Artistic Director of EclecticPond Theatre Company in Indianapolis.

Frequently appearing in Classical and Musical Theatre, he has originated roles in both genres! Cardwell has voiced numerous potential murderers and several pirates for Audiobooks, and has played lead roles in a handful of independent Short Films.

After nearly two decades working as a freelance Creative Professional...

s/th else

have given me a wealth of experience in find the most compelling way to communicate a message.

Given the interest in both the art of stories, and the technical aspects of how they are put together and formed and told.


No Surprise then that I love languages -

My Grandfather, Joseph Andréo, grew up in a town just across the French side of the border with Spain. He lived with my Grandmother on his father’s ranch in Morocco, until my Mother’s sister was born, and they moved to England.

Joseph therefore was able to speak French, Spanish, Arabic, and English. It has long been a goal of mine to honor him by gaining proficiency in these languages.

My French is officially Conversational. I know enough Spanish to get myself into trouble, but not out of it. Arabic… well I can identify a few letters, and say ‘Thank you’…

Joseph never needed HTML, CSS, Javascript or PHP - it was a different time after all - but I like to think he’d be pleased with how well I’ve learnt those languages too.


Uncle to six humans, and Dad to two dogs, Cardwell is a keen amateur chef, and has been vegetarian for over thirty years.

An International Man of Mystery, Thomas Cardwell is back in the USA after originally moving here from the UK in 2010.
